Add alt text for episodes 3-7 (#38)
datacarpentry/astronomy-python: _episodes/03-motion.md

~~~
{: .output}
   

> ![Scatter plot of phi1 versus phi2 in GD-1 coordinates, showing selected region is rectangular.](../fig/03-motion_files/03-motion_43_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Scatter plot of phi1 vs phi2, showing selected region is rectangular in the GD-1 reference frame.](../fig/03-motion_files/03-motion_43_0.png)
```

motion as a scatter plot:

<img width="300"

> src="https://github.com/datacarpentry/astronomy-python/raw/gh-pages/fig/gd1-1.png" alt="Scatter of proper motion phi1 versus phi2 showing overdensity in negative proper motions of GD-1 stars.">

Reviewer: > Should we mention that this is a panel for Fig 1 in the original paper?

I don't think this is necessary in the alt text.

~~~
{: .output}
 

> ![Scatter plot of proper motion in GD-1 frame of selected stars showing most are near the origin.](../fig/03-motion_files/03-motion_67_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Scatter plot of proper motion in GD-1 frame of selected stars showing the need to zoom in on the origin where most of the stars are located.](../fig/03-motion_files/03-motion_67_0.png)
```

~~~
{: .output}
    

> ![Zoomed in view of previous scatter plot showing overdense region.](../fig/03-motion_files/03-motion_69_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Zoomed in view of previous scatter plot showing that the overdose region is not yet visible with our selection.](../fig/03-motion_files/03-motion_69_0.png)
```

than 1 degree from the line `phi2=0`.

<img

> src="https://github.com/datacarpentry/astronomy-python/raw/gh-pages/fig/gd1-4.png" alt="Scatter plot with selection on proper motion and photometry showing many stars in GD-1 are within 1 degree of phi2 = 0.>

Reviewer: > Should alt text mention that this is a panel from Fig 1 in the original paper?

I don't think this is necessary in the alt text.

~~~
{: .output}
   

> ![Scatter plot of proper motion of selected stars showing cluster near (-7.5, 0).](../fig/03-motion_files/03-motion_92_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Scatter plot of proper motion in GD-1 frame of stars selected near the center line of GD-1 showing the overdense region near (-7.5, 0) which represents the proper motion of stars in GD-1.](../fig/03-motion_files/03-motion_92_0.png)
```

~~~
{: .output}
   

> ![Scatter plot of proper motion with blue box showing overdense region selected for our analysis.](../fig/03-motion_files/03-motion_100_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Scatter plot of proper motion in the GD-1 frame showing that our rectangle surrounds the overdense region we wish to select for our analysis.](../fig/03-motion_files/03-motion_100_0.png)
```

~~~
{: .output}
   

> ![Scatter plot of coordinates of stars in selected region, showing tidal stream.](../fig/03-motion_files/03-motion_110_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Scatter plot of coordinates of stars in the GD-1 frame that have been selected to have proper motion in the overdense region, showing an overdensity of stars in the tidal stream GD-1.](../fig/03-motion_files/03-motion_110_0.png)
```
